Fix typo in data-management-tutorial.md (#906)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/tutorials/data-management-tutorial.md

## Configure data capture for a component

> With data management enabled, you can now configure data capture for specific components on your robot running Viam.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the data management service added, you can now configure data capture for specific components on your robot running Viam.
```
